Illegal arms dealer
Come across someone getting robbed
Bag checker Corveadra
Wandering eye bot playing propaganda
Drug dealer
Treasure map seller real
Treasure map seller fake
Bionic over clocker
Robbery
Caravan
Wandering warrior looking for death
Lost people
Slave traders
Safe on the side of road
Seeing a hit and run
Nice car drives by
See guy getting arrested
Guy asks for you to hold onto expensive vase (stolen)
Bounty hunter asks for directions
Tiny monkey steals guys food
Slip and fall (roll again but you are on the ground)
See helicopter fly by
Get stopped by someone trying to promote religion
See big car crash
Bike falls off car
See rabid dog
Feel minor earthquake
Bionic limb seller
Bitten by fire ants
Ice cream truck
Shot at
Roadblock
See prison truck
See military convoy
Dog seller
Bunch of low quality metal
See a rodent hung
See snakes not poisonous
See snakes poisonous
See a few shopping carts
Free couch
Car jackers try to jack you
People with broken down car ask for help (rob you)
Guy trying to sell mix tape to you
Cows crossing the road
See police patrol
Find Vamus (Sings song that increases charisma by +1 if a charisma check is passed 13 >)
Bandits!
Scared peasant (Tells about a horrible monster that ripped their friends apart)
Country patrol
Country patrol fighting bandits
Dingos!
Dead corpse (some loot on it)
Homeless attacking farmers 3-5 homeless 2-4 farmers
Bandits attacking farmers 3-6 bandits 2-4 farmers
Find trappers
Bandits fighting bear
Wounded lone dog
Crash site (mysterious wreckage)
Bridge keeper (bandits asking for money to pass bridge)	
A buried stone head
Ice cream truck
Get interviewed by news caster
See mysterious package
See a street fight
Someone motions for you to come to ally to see dead body
See old women knitting a blanket and she offers it to you
See flipped street cleaner robot
Robot gives you flyer for drug testing company
Used robot seller (1k for mobile backpack)
Find malfunctioning eyebot
Homeless asking for money
Robot gives you coupon for 15% off 1 piece of clothing
Starts raining heavily
See wanted poster
Two people are fighting on a train or subway platform. (If left alone, one may fall onto tracks and die.)
Person drops all their books in front of you
A pair of fast-talking men run a game of three-card monty. The third associate walks through the crowd, pickpocketing those who stay to watch.
A juggler performing on the street.
A few hundred paper bills of varying value are fluttering down from the sky onto a crowd of people who are snatching them up.
A kid takes a tumble from his skateboard in front of some oncoming traffic
A learner driver accidentally jumps the curb near you
A police officer oblivious to their surroundings indulging in a hot dog doesn't see robbery
Spot six rowdy drunken sports fans, celebrating their team's win.
Someone handing out flyers for a band.
Some cosplayers are wandering around looking for a restaurant. One of them has a black eye.
Some racing cyclists are blocking the road
A man seemingly lost asks "Where are all the people?"
A group of up teens have a girl in the group on a leash. The police are arguing with them, suspicious that they're trying pimp her out.
A drunk man is peeing in an alley
Traffic's backed up because two cops are casually talking and all the cars slow down to see what's going on
Walk by religious people passing out flowers they are offering you one and say "Be happy!"
A loud break up a women in her apartment is yelling at her ex and is throwing his things out a window a few stories to the ground
Some suspicious men walk by discussing their bank robbery plans (actually roleplayers)
See a tour group passing by
A couple asks you to take their photo
Two foreign people speaking an unknown language they seem to be asking for directions (to the metro)
A small child asks you if that's a real weapon they have hidden on you
(charity mugger) approaches and asks if the party can spare a small monthly contribution to ease the plight of abuse victims